{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}{\f2\fnil Calibri;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Skip to content\par
TechBeamers\par
Tutorials \par
Python Tutorial\par
Python Examples\par
Selenium Tutorial\par
Software Testing Tutorial\par
Java Programming\par
C Programming\par
Linux Tutorial\par
MySQL Tutorial\par
Agile Tutorial\par
AngularJS Tutorial\par
Android Tutorial\par
Interview Questions \par
SQL Interview Questions\par
Testing Interview Questions\par
Python Interview Questions\par
Selenium Interview Questions\par
C Sharp Interview Questions\par
PHP Interview Questions\par
Web Development Questions\par
Java Interview Questions\par
Programming Quizzes \par
Python Quiz\par
Selenium Quiz\par
Java Quiz\par
HTML CSS Quiz\par
Shell Scripting Quiz\par
C/C++ Quiz\par
Search for: \par
Search\par
50 SQL Query Questions and Answers for Practice\par
\par
 \par
SQL Interview\par
Meenakshi Agarwal\par
\par
 \par
If you want to improve SQL skills, then install a SQL package like MySQL and start practicing with it. To get you started, we\rquote ve outlined a few SQL query questions in this post.\par
\par
Solving practice questions is the fastest way to learn any subject. That\rquote s why we\rquote ve selected a set of 50 SQL queries that you can use to step up your learning. We\rquote ve also given SQL scripts to create the test data. So, you can use them to create a test database and tables.\par
\par
Most of the SQL query questions we\rquote ve filtered out of interviews held by top IT MNC like Flipkart and Amazon. So you\rquote ll gain real-time experience by going through them.\par
\par
Also, we recommend that you first try to form queries by yourself rather than just reading them from the post. Try to find answers on your own.\par
\par
But you can\rquote t start until the required sample data is not in place. You can check out the tables below that we\rquote ve provided for practice. So first of all, you need to create the test data in your database software.\par
\par
By the way, we have a bunch of other posts available for SQL interview preparation. So if you are interested, then follow the link given below.\par
\par
\par
\f1\u-10179?\u-9055?\f0  Most Frequently Asked SQL Interview Questions.\par
\par
Let\rquote s Begin Learning SQL.\par
50 SQL Query Questions\par
50 SQL Query Questions\par
Prepare Sample Data To Practice SQL Skill.\par
Sample Table \f2\endash  Worker\par
WORKER_ID\tab FIRST_NAME\tab LAST_NAME\tab SALARY\tab JOINING_DATE\tab DEPARTMENT\par
001\tab Monika\tab Arora\tab 100000\tab 2014-02-20 09:00:00\tab HR\par
002\tab Niharika\tab Verma\tab 80000\tab 2014-06-11 09:00:00\tab Admin\par
003\tab Vishal\tab Singhal\tab 300000\tab 2014-02-20 09:00:00\tab HR\par
004\tab Amitabh\tab Singh\tab 500000\tab 2014-02-20 09:00:00\tab Admin\par
005\tab Vivek\tab Bhati\tab 500000\tab 2014-06-11 09:00:00\tab Admin\par
006\tab Vipul\tab Diwan\tab 200000\tab 2014-06-11 09:00:00\tab Account\par
007\tab Satish\tab Kumar\tab 75000\tab 2014-01-20 09:00:00\tab Account\par
008\tab Geetika\tab Chauhan\tab 90000\tab 2014-04-11 09:00:00\tab Admin\par
Sample Table \endash  Bonus\par
WORKER_REF_ID\tab BONUS_DATE\tab BONUS_AMOUNT\par
1\tab 2016-02-20 00:00:00\tab 5000\par
2\tab 2016-06-11 00:00:00\tab 3000\par
3\tab 2016-02-20 00:00:00\tab 4000\par
1\tab 2016-02-20 00:00:00\tab 4500\par
2\tab 2016-06-11 00:00:00\tab 3500\par
Sample Table \endash  Title\par
WORKER_REF_ID\tab WORKER_TITLE\tab AFFECTED_FROM\par
1\tab Manager\tab 2016-02-20 00:00:00\par
2\tab Executive\tab 2016-06-11 00:00:00\par
8\tab Executive\tab 2016-06-11 00:00:00\par
5\tab Manager\tab 2016-06-11 00:00:00\par
4\tab Asst. Manager\tab 2016-06-11 00:00:00\par
7\tab Executive\tab 2016-06-11 00:00:00\par
6\tab Lead\tab 2016-06-11 00:00:00\par
3\tab Lead\tab 2016-06-11 00:00:00\par
To prepare the sample data, you can run the following queries in your database query executor or on the SQL command line. We\rquote ve tested them with MySQL Server 5.7 and MySQL Workbench 6.3.8 query browser. You can also download these Softwares and install them to carry on the SQL exercise.\par
\par
SQL Script to Seed Sample Data.\par
CREATE DATABASE ORG;\par
SHOW DATABASES;\par
USE ORG;\par
\par
CREATE TABLE Worker (\par
\tab WORKER_ID INT NOT NULL PRIMARY KEY AUTO_INCREMENT,\par
\tab FIRST_NAME CHAR(25),\par
\tab LAST_NAME CHAR(25),\par
\tab SALARY INT(15),\par
\tab JOINING_DATE DATETIME,\par
\tab DEPARTMENT CHAR(25)\par
);\par
\par
INSERT INTO Worker \par
\tab (WORKER_ID, FIRST_NAME, LAST_NAME, SALARY, JOINING_DATE, DEPARTMENT) VALUES\par
\tab\tab (001, 'Monika', 'Arora', 100000, '14-02-20 09.00.00', 'HR'),\par
\tab\tab (002, 'Niharika', 'Verma', 80000, '14-06-11 09.00.00', 'Admin'),\par
\tab\tab (003, 'Vishal', 'Singhal', 300000, '14-02-20 09.00.00', 'HR'),\par
\tab\tab (004, 'Amitabh', 'Singh', 500000, '14-02-20 09.00.00', 'Admin'),\par
\tab\tab (005, 'Vivek', 'Bhati', 500000, '14-06-11 09.00.00', 'Admin'),\par
\tab\tab (006, 'Vipul', 'Diwan', 200000, '14-06-11 09.00.00', 'Account'),\par
\tab\tab (007, 'Satish', 'Kumar', 75000, '14-01-20 09.00.00', 'Account'),\par
\tab\tab (008, 'Geetika', 'Chauhan', 90000, '14-04-11 09.00.00', 'Admin');\par
\par
CREATE TABLE Bonus (\par
\tab WORKER_REF_ID INT,\par
\tab BONUS_AMOUNT INT(10),\par
\tab BONUS_DATE DATETIME,\par
\tab FOREIGN KEY (WORKER_REF_ID)\par
\tab\tab REFERENCES Worker(WORKER_ID)\par
        ON DELETE CASCADE\par
);\par
\par
INSERT INTO Bonus \par
\tab (WORKER_REF_ID, BONUS_AMOUNT, BONUS_DATE) VALUES\par
\tab\tab (001, 5000, '16-02-20'),\par
\tab\tab (002, 3000, '16-06-11'),\par
\tab\tab (003, 4000, '16-02-20'),\par
\tab\tab (001, 4500, '16-02-20'),\par
\tab\tab (002, 3500, '16-06-11');\par
CREATE TABLE Title (\par
\tab WORKER_REF_ID INT,\par
\tab WORKER_TITLE CHAR(25),\par
\tab AFFECTED_FROM DATETIME,\par
\tab FOREIGN KEY (WORKER_REF_ID)\par
\tab\tab REFERENCES Worker(WORKER_ID)\par
        ON DELETE CASCADE\par
);\par
\par
INSERT INTO Title \par
\tab (WORKER_REF_ID, WORKER_TITLE, AFFECTED_FROM) VALUES\par
 (001, 'Manager', '2016-02-20 00:00:00'),\par
 (002, 'Executive', '2016-06-11 00:00:00'),\par
 (008, 'Executive', '2016-06-11 00:00:00'),\par
 (005, 'Manager', '2016-06-11 00:00:00'),\par
 (004, 'Asst. Manager', '2016-06-11 00:00:00'),\par
 (007, 'Executive', '2016-06-11 00:00:00'),\par
 (006, 'Lead', '2016-06-11 00:00:00'),\par
 (003, 'Lead', '2016-06-11 00:00:00');\par
Once above SQL would run, you\rquote ll see a result similar to the one attached below.\par
\par
SQL Query Questions - Creating Sample Data\par
Creating Sample Data to Practice SQL Skill.\par
50 SQL Query Questions and Answers for Practice.\par
Q-1. Write an SQL query to fetch \ldblquote FIRST_NAME\rdblquote  from Worker table using the alias name as <WORKER_NAME>.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
Select FIRST_NAME AS WORKER_NAME from Worker;\par
 \par
\par
Q-2. Write an SQL query to fetch \ldblquote FIRST_NAME\rdblquote  from Worker table in upper case.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
Select upper(FIRST_NAME) from Worker;\par
 \par
\par
Q-3. Write an SQL query to fetch unique values of DEPARTMENT from Worker table.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
Select distinct DEPARTMENT from Worker;\par
 \par
\par
Q-4. Write an SQL query to print the first three characters of  FIRST_NAME from Worker table.\par
Ans.\par
\par
\par
 \par
The required query is:\par
\par
Select substring(FIRST_NAME,1,3) from Worker;\par
 \par
\par
Q-5. Write an SQL query to find the position of the alphabet (\lquote a\rquote ) in the first name column \lquote Amitabh\rquote  from Worker table.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
Select INSTR(FIRST_NAME, BINARY'a') from Worker where FIRST_NAME = 'Amitabh';\par
Notes.\par
\par
The INSTR method is in case-sensitive by default.\par
Using Binary operator will make INSTR work as the case-sensitive function.\par
 \par
\par
Q-6. Write an SQL query to print the FIRST_NAME from Worker table after removing white spaces from the right side.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
Select RTRIM(FIRST_NAME) from Worker;\par
 \par
\par
Q-7. Write an SQL query to print the DEPARTMENT from Worker table after removing white spaces from the left side.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
Select LTRIM(DEPARTMENT) from Worker;\par
 \par
\par
Q-8. Write an SQL query that fetches the unique values of DEPARTMENT from Worker table and prints its length.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
Select distinct length(DEPARTMENT) from Worker;\par
 \par
\par
Q-9. Write an SQL query to print the FIRST_NAME from Worker table after replacing \lquote a\rquote  with \lquote A\rquote .\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
Select REPLACE(FIRST_NAME,'a','A') from Worker;\par
 \par
\par
Q-10. Write an SQL query to print the FIRST_NAME and LAST_NAME from Worker table into a single column COMPLETE_NAME. A space char should separate them.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
Select CONCAT(FIRST_NAME, ' ', LAST_NAME) AS 'COMPLETE_NAME' from Worker;\par
 \par
\par
Q-11. Write an SQL query to print all Worker details from the Worker table order by FIRST_NAME Ascending.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
Select * from Worker order by FIRST_NAME asc;\par
 \par
\par
Q-12. Write an SQL query to print all Worker details from the Worker table order by FIRST_NAME Ascending and DEPARTMENT Descending.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
Select * from Worker order by FIRST_NAME asc,DEPARTMENT desc;\par
 \par
\par
Q-13. Write an SQL query to print details for Workers with the first name as \ldblquote Vipul\rdblquote  and \ldblquote Satish\rdblquote  from Worker table.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
Select * from Worker where FIRST_NAME in ('Vipul','Satish');\par
 \par
\par
Q-14. Write an SQL query to print details of workers excluding first names, \ldblquote Vipul\rdblquote  and \ldblquote Satish\rdblquote  from Worker table.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
Select * from Worker where FIRST_NAME not in ('Vipul','Satish');\par
 \par
\par
Q-15. Write an SQL query to print details of Workers with DEPARTMENT name as \ldblquote Admin\rdblquote .\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
Select * from Worker where DEPARTMENT like 'Admin%';\par
 \par
\par
Q-16. Write an SQL query to print details of the Workers whose FIRST_NAME contains \lquote a\rquote .\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
Select * from Worker where FIRST_NAME like '%a%';\par
 \par
\par
Q-17. Write an SQL query to print details of the Workers whose FIRST_NAME ends with \lquote a\rquote .\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
Select * from Worker where FIRST_NAME like '%a';\par
 \par
\par
Q-18. Write an SQL query to print details of the Workers whose FIRST_NAME ends with \lquote h\rquote  and contains six alphabets.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
Select * from Worker where FIRST_NAME like '_____h';\par
 \par
\par
Q-19. Write an SQL query to print details of the Workers whose SALARY lies between 100000 and 500000.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
Select * from Worker where SALARY between 100000 and 500000;\par
 \par
\par
Q-20. Write an SQL query to print details of the Workers who have joined in Feb\rquote 2014.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
Select * from Worker where year(JOINING_DATE) = 2014 and month(JOINING_DATE) = 2;\par
 \par
\par
Q-21. Write an SQL query to fetch the count of employees working in the department \lquote Admin\rquote .\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
SELECT COUNT(*) FROM worker WHERE DEPARTMENT = 'Admin';\par
 \par
\par
Q-22. Write an SQL query to fetch worker names with salaries >= 50000 and <= 100000.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
SELECT CONCAT(FIRST_NAME, ' ', LAST_NAME) As Worker_Name, Salary\par
FROM worker \par
WHERE WORKER_ID IN \par
(SELECT WORKER_ID FROM worker \par
WHERE Salary BETWEEN 50000 AND 100000);\par
Q-23. Write an SQL query to fetch the no. of workers for each department in the descending order.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
SELECT DEPARTMENT, count(WORKER_ID) No_Of_Workers \par
FROM worker \par
GROUP BY DEPARTMENT \par
ORDER BY No_Of_Workers DESC;\par
Q-24. Write an SQL query to print details of the Workers who are also Managers.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
SELECT DISTINCT W.FIRST_NAME, T.WORKER_TITLE\par
FROM Worker W\par
INNER JOIN Title T\par
ON W.WORKER_ID = T.WORKER_REF_ID\par
AND T.WORKER_TITLE in ('Manager');\par
 \par
\par
Q-25. Write an SQL query to fetch duplicate records having matching data in some fields of a table.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
SELECT WORKER_TITLE, AFFECTED_FROM, COUNT(*)\par
FROM Title\par
GROUP BY WORKER_TITLE, AFFECTED_FROM\par
HAVING COUNT(*) > 1;\par
Q-26. Write an SQL query to show only odd rows from a table.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
SELECT * FROM Worker WHERE MOD (WORKER_ID, 2) <> 0;\par
 \par
\par
Q-27. Write an SQL query to show only even rows from a table.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
SELECT * FROM Worker WHERE MOD (WORKER_ID, 2) = 0;\par
Q-28. Write an SQL query to clone a new table from another table.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The general query to clone a table with data is:\par
\par
SELECT * INTO WorkerClone FROM Worker;\par
The general way to clone a table without information is:\par
\par
SELECT * INTO WorkerClone FROM Worker WHERE 1 = 0;\par
An alternate way to clone a table (for MySQL) without is:\par
\par
CREATE TABLE WorkerClone LIKE Worker;\par
 \par
\par
Q-29. Write an SQL query to fetch intersecting records of two tables.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
(SELECT * FROM Worker)\par
INTERSECT\par
(SELECT * FROM WorkerClone);\par
 \par
\par
Q-30. Write an SQL query to show records from one table that another table does not have.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
SELECT * FROM Worker\par
MINUS\par
SELECT * FROM Title;\par
 \par
\par
Q-31. Write an SQL query to show the current date and time.\par
Ans.\par
\par
Following MySQL query returns the current date:\par
\par
SELECT CURDATE();\par
Following MySQL query returns the current date and time:\par
\par
SELECT NOW();\par
Following SQL Server query returns the current date and time:\par
\par
SELECT getdate();\par
Following Oracle query returns the current date and time:\par
\par
SELECT SYSDATE FROM DUAL;\par
 \par
\par
Q-32. Write an SQL query to show the top n (say 10) records of a table.\par
Ans.\par
\par
Following MySQL query will return the top n records using the LIMIT method:\par
\par
SELECT * FROM Worker ORDER BY Salary DESC LIMIT 10;\par
Following SQL Server query will return the top n records using the TOP command:\par
\par
SELECT TOP 10 * FROM Worker ORDER BY Salary DESC;\par
Following Oracle query will return the top n records with the help of ROWNUM:\par
\par
SELECT * FROM (SELECT * FROM Worker ORDER BY Salary DESC)\par
WHERE ROWNUM <= 10;\par
 \par
\par
Q-33. Write an SQL query to determine the nth (say n=5) highest salary from a table.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The following MySQL query returns the nth highest salary:\par
\par
SELECT Salary FROM Worker ORDER BY Salary DESC LIMIT n-1,1;\par
The following SQL Server query returns the nth highest salary:\par
\par
SELECT TOP 1 Salary\par
FROM (\par
 SELECT DISTINCT TOP n Salary\par
 FROM Worker \par
 ORDER BY Salary DESC\par
 )\par
ORDER BY Salary ASC;\par
 \par
\par
Q-34. Write an SQL query to determine the 5th highest salary without using TOP or limit method.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The following query is using the correlated subquery to return the 5th highest salary:\par
\par
SELECT Salary\par
FROM Worker W1\par
WHERE 4 = (\par
 SELECT COUNT( DISTINCT ( W2.Salary ) )\par
 FROM Worker W2\par
 WHERE W2.Salary >= W1.Salary\par
 );\par
Use the following generic method to find nth highest salary without using TOP or limit.\par
\par
SELECT Salary\par
FROM Worker W1\par
WHERE n-1 = (\par
 SELECT COUNT( DISTINCT ( W2.Salary ) )\par
 FROM Worker W2\par
 WHERE W2.Salary >= W1.Salary\par
 );\par
 \par
\par
Q-35. Write an SQL query to fetch the list of employees with the same salary.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
Select distinct W.WORKER_ID, W.FIRST_NAME, W.Salary \par
from Worker W, Worker W1 \par
where W.Salary = W1.Salary \par
and W.WORKER_ID != W1.WORKER_ID;\par
 \par
\par
Q-36. Write an SQL query to show the second highest salary from a table.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
Select max(Salary) from Worker \par
where Salary not in (Select max(Salary) from Worker);\par
 \par
\par
Q-37. Write an SQL query to show one row twice in results from a table.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
select FIRST_NAME, DEPARTMENT from worker W where W.DEPARTMENT='HR' \par
union all \par
select FIRST_NAME, DEPARTMENT from Worker W1 where W1.DEPARTMENT='HR';\par
 \par
\par
Q-38. Write an SQL query to fetch intersecting records of two tables.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
(SELECT * FROM Worker)\par
INTERSECT\par
(SELECT * FROM WorkerClone);\par
 \par
\par
Q-39. Write an SQL query to fetch the first 50% records from a table.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
SELECT *\par
FROM WORKER\par
WHERE WORKER_ID <= (SELECT count(WORKER_ID)/2 from Worker);\par
 \par
\par
Q-40. Write an SQL query to fetch the departments that have less than five people in it.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
SELECT DEPARTMENT, COUNT(WORKER_ID) as 'Number of Workers' FROM Worker GROUP BY DEPARTMENT HAVING COUNT(WORKER_ID) < 5;\par
 \par
\par
Q-41. Write an SQL query to show all departments along with the number of people in there.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The following query returns the expected result:\par
\par
SELECT DEPARTMENT, COUNT(DEPARTMENT) as 'Number of Workers' FROM Worker GROUP BY DEPARTMENT;\par
 \par
\par
Q-42. Write an SQL query to show the last record from a table.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The following query will return the last record from the Worker table:\par
\par
Select * from Worker where WORKER_ID = (SELECT max(WORKER_ID) from Worker);\par
 \par
\par
Q-43. Write an SQL query to fetch the first row of a table.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
Select * from Worker where WORKER_ID = (SELECT min(WORKER_ID) from Worker);\par
 \par
\par
Q-44. Write an SQL query to fetch the last five records from a table.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
SELECT * FROM Worker WHERE WORKER_ID <=5\par
UNION\par
SELECT * FROM (SELECT * FROM Worker W order by W.WORKER_ID DESC) AS W1 WHERE W1.WORKER_ID <=5;\par
 \par
\par
Q-45. Write an SQL query to print the name of employees having the highest salary in each department.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
SELECT t.DEPARTMENT,t.FIRST_NAME,t.Salary from(SELECT max(Salary) as TotalSalary,DEPARTMENT from Worker group by DEPARTMENT) as TempNew \par
Inner Join Worker t on TempNew.DEPARTMENT=t.DEPARTMENT \par
 and TempNew.TotalSalary=t.Salary;\par
 \par
\par
Q-46. Write an SQL query to fetch three max salaries from a table.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
SELECT distinct Salary from worker a WHERE 3 >= (SELECT count(distinct Salary) from worker b WHERE a.Salary <= b.Salary) order by a.Salary desc;\par
 \par
\par
Q-47. Write an SQL query to fetch three min salaries from a table.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
SELECT distinct Salary from worker a WHERE 3 >= (SELECT count(distinct Salary) from worker b WHERE a.Salary >= b.Salary) order by a.Salary desc;\par
 \par
\par
Q-48. Write an SQL query to fetch nth max salaries from a table.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
SELECT distinct Salary from worker a WHERE n >= (SELECT count(distinct Salary) from worker b WHERE a.Salary <= b.Salary) order by a.Salary desc;\par
 \par
\par
Q-49. Write an SQL query to fetch departments along with the total salaries paid for each of them.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
 SELECT DEPARTMENT, sum(Salary) from worker group by DEPARTMENT;\par
 \par
\par
Q-50. Write an SQL query to fetch the names of workers who earn the highest salary.\par
Ans.\par
\par
The required query is:\par
\par
SELECT FIRST_NAME, SALARY from Worker WHERE SALARY=(SELECT max(SALARY) from Worker);\par
 \par
\par
Summary \endash  50 SQL Query Questions and Answers for Practice.\par
Let us take a pause here. But we\rquote ll come back with more challenging questions on SQL queries in our next post.\par
\par
Hope, you\rquote d fun learning through the SQL exercises.\par
\par
If you find something new to learn today, then do share it with others. And, follow us on our social media (Facebook/Twitter) accounts to see more of this.\par
\par
Best,\par
\par
TechBeamers\par
\par
 \par
Read more articles\par
Previous PostTop 30 PL SQL Interview Questions and Answers for Freshers\par
Next Post25 SQL Performance Interview Questions and Answers\par
You Might Also Like\par
SQL Exercises \endash  Complex Queries\par
SQL Exercises \endash  Complex Queries\par
May 10, 2020\par
Top SQL Interview Questions One Should Know Beforehand\par
Top SQL Interview Questions One Should Know Beforehand\par
September 23, 2016\par
25 SQL Performance Interview Questions and Answers\par
25 SQL Performance Interview Questions and Answers\par
December 10, 2016\par
 \par
\par
\par
 \par
Tutorials\par
Python Tutorial for Beginners\par
Selenium Python Tutorial\par
Selenium Webdriver Tutorial\par
Selenium Demo Websites\par
Python Multithreading Tutorial\par
Java Multithreading Tutorial\par
Python Tips & Tricks\par
Interviews Questions\par
Python Interview Questions\par
SQL Query Interview Questions\par
Selenium Interview Questions\par
QA Interview Questions\par
Manual Testing Questions\par
Rest API Interview Questions\par
Linux Interview Questions\par
Web Development\par
AngularJS Interview Questions\par
JavaScript Interview Questions\par
Web Developer Interview Questions\par
NodeJS Interview Questions\par
HTML/HTML5 Interview Questions\par
PHP Interview Questions-1\par
PHP Interview Questions-2\par
TechBeamers\par
About Us\par
Legal\par
Disclaimer\par
Privacy Policy\par
\f0\'a9 Copyright 2015 - 2021 | TechBeamers\par
\f3\u9650?\f0\{"mode":"full","isActive":false\}\par
}
 